The Idea is to make an App/Site for Baranggays and Municipalities to further digitalize most of their processes

This will probably my Capstone project. I am and will be looking for people to participate in this project with me.

The functions I'm planning to implement:

0 (REGISTRATION)
  0.1) -This is ofcourse a given, to avoid fake Scheduling and increase security in the app.
       0-1 (Users) will be required to choose their Municipality so that they get the correct information they need in the app

       0-2 (Admin) will have access to most features such as the Announcements Postings and many more.

1) Scheduling (Today, 03/26/2024) I went to the local Brgy. hall and I had to fill up a form to continue,
   I was alone at the time but if there was lots of people getting the same document, the queue would've been disastrous. 
   This further increases the point of my project as we can completely remove that possibility by implementing the scheduling system.

   Another possible issue is if the specific Brgy. personnel isn't in the hall, you might have to wait, or worse if he/she is absent for the day
   Which gives me an idea, to make something that will inform possible visitors if the specific person they're looking for is in the Brgy. Hall.

   1.1) -I'm thinking of a function that allows users to check available dates for geting certain papers.
         They will be able to schedule their visit depending on the vacant time and slot for the specific date.

   1.2) - Possible issues)
       -If the 1.1 was to be implemented, it might cause problems because if we are to implement that function,
        we'll have to determine how to get the vacant time. It will require lots of data and it can fluctuate.
        Choosing it might lead to inaccuracy.
      
   1.3) -I'm thinking we can just put the amount of people that scheduled for a specific task in a specific date.
         This will allow the people planning to schedule to see whether the date they chose is already flooded or not.

2) Announcements
   2.1) -I'm thinking of a function that gives announcements to a user based on their Municipality.
         Basically a function where users can get relevant news/updates/announcements about the areas that they selected

3) Customer Support
   3.1) -Customer support
         To be considered cause it could be costly (don't know much about the possible costs of doing that)

4) Postings
   4.1) -Job posting
         Available job openings based on the specific municipality of the user.
   4.2) -Lost and Found
         Informations about the lost items should be provided by the one who lost the item,
         contact number, possible reward and all details needed will be posted for the public to know.
   4.3) -Meetings/Gatherings
         Posts about meetings will be posted on postings but also highlighted in the Schedule
   4.4) -Reminders
         Regulation reminders for events like fireworks regulation for New-Years eve and events where reminders are necessary.
         Reminders when there are calamities such as earthquakes, storms, tsunamis and many more.
   // More to be added
   // This concept is gonna be remade, I want to remake it to an app concept.